Document the `global_navigator` compat flag (#3660)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/compatibility-dates.md

Newest changes are listed first.

### Global `navigator`

<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>
        <strong>Default as of</strong>
      </td>
      <td>2022-03-21</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        <strong>Flag to enable</strong>
      </td>
      <td>
        <code>global_navigator</code>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        <strong>Flag to disable</strong>
      </td>
      <td>
        <code>no_global_navigator</code>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> With the `global_navigator` flag set, a new global `navigator` property is available from within Workers. Currently, it exposes only a single `navigator.userAgent` property whose value is set to `Cloudflare-Workers`. This property can be used to reliably determine whether code is running within the Workers environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `global_navigator` flag set, a new global `navigator` property is available from within Workers. Currently, it exposes only a single `navigator.userAgent` property whose value is set to `'Cloudflare-Workers'`. This property can be used to reliably determine whether code is running within the Workers environment.
```
